receiver/mysqlreceiver update event attributes (#45902)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/mysqlreceiver/documentation.md

| Name | Description | Values |
| ---- | ----------- | ------ |
| client.address | Hostname or address of the client. | Any Str |
| client.port | TCP port used by the client. | Any Int |
| db.namespace | The default database for the thread, or empty if none has been selected (originally processlist_db). | Any Str |
| db.query.text | The SQL statement text for the event. | Any Str |
| db.system.name | The name of the database system. | Str: ``mysql`` |
| mysql.event_id | The thread associated with the event and the thread current event number when the event starts. | Any Int |

> | mysql.query_hash | The statement digest SHA-256 value as a string of 64 hexadecimal characters, or empty if the statements_digest consumer is no. | Any Str |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mysql.query.hash | The statement digest SHA-256 value as a string of 64 hexadecimal characters, or empty if the statements_digest consumer is no. | Any Str |
```

| db.system.name | The name of the database system. | Str: ``mysql`` |
| db.query.text | The SQL statement text for the event. | Any Str |
| mysql.query_plan | The query plan for the statement, if available. | Any Str |
| mysql.query_plan_hash | The SHA256 hash of the query plan for the statement, if available. | Any Str |
| mysql.query_hash | The statement digest SHA-256 value as a string of 64 hexadecimal characters, or empty if the statements_digest consumer is no. | Any Str |
| mysql.execution_count | The number of times the statement was executed, report in delta value. | Any Int |

> | mysql.total_elapsed_time | The total time spent executing the statement, report in delta seconds. | Any Double |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mysql.operation.duration | The total time spent executing the statement, report in delta seconds. | Any Double |
```
